All right you will come back and this way I would like to give you a little hint on how you can read
data from your cells.
So let's go to our main a Y and here we had on push button click.
For now what we did in there.
Well we pretty much populate the data and I'm going to come those lines out because I would like to
show you how you can actually read the data from a table and especially especially from a cell.
So I'm going to create a new cell variable which will check out the table widget and there is something
called item so we can very easily just get the item at a particular row and column and that's so if
we print that and just do that real quick stop our application and run it again and push the button
which the action button and you can see I get this table which had item object at so and so.
So what this gives me is of course give me the whole cell object but the cell object contains properties
and functions as well.
So were methods as well.
And the one that we want to have is the text.
So you can see there is a method called text and that will return the text of that particular cell.
So this is how we get the cell.
And this is how we get the text of the cell.
So here we are pretty much saying OK give me the item at a particular position in your table widget
and stored in a cell.
And here we say OK give me the text of the cell and print it.
Now let me run it again and you will see that suddenly we get Munich because the cell that we're currently
looking at is zero zero.
Now if we would look at 1 0 then we will get
Berlant.
You can see the next line Berlin because row and column row 1 column 0 city.
So it's pretty much means we will get Berlin.
And now you can of course read through all of the data and you need to do that in a particular way.
So you will need to find out how to do that.
I'm not going to show you this because this is a big part of the challenge pretty much.
So you could of course use loops you could use.
Yeah you could also check out the documentation if there is a better way.
And I wish you good luck with this.
If you get stuck then just leave it for today or leave it for an hour or so then try it again or just
try to debug it yourself because this is really the point where you should be able to find solutions
on your own without having to require additional help.
So you should really be able to just check out the documentation check out Stack Overflow debug your
application and then you should be fine.
So good luck with this exercise and I hope to see you in the next video where we will go through the
final solution.
Were these a sample solution of course there are multiple possible solutions.